How to deploy ProgVideoFinder and make it work

1. Create a new application in Google Dev Console. Note the app_id, e.g. diploma-1056
2. Open APIs section, switch to Enabled APIs, make sure that Drive API is enabled. If not, enable it manually.
3. In Credentials section, click Add Credentials
	* select Service Account
	* select P12
	* click generate
4. Save the generated P12 file to the local drive. Rename it to 'Diploma.p12', place into the project resources folder. 

	IMPORTANT: the P12 file is NOT present in the GitHub repository, you must add it manually!

6 Open the P12 credential in Google App Console. Copy the Client Id value to the main.properties file in the project resources folder.
7. Specify the app_id (see step 1) in the appengine-web.xml file, e.g. <application>diploma-1056</application>
6. Try to deploy.

Configuring the application

1. The email templates, email addresses, etc. are specified by the email.properties file in the resources folder.
2. The links to download a video are specified in the links.properties file (one course, one video).

	IMPORTANT: should be like 'Java_Start = http://somelink.org' or 'QA_Start = '. You must always use _ instead of the space character in the course name, using space will fail.

Configuring the spreadsheets

1. To make a spreadsheet visible to the application, share it from your Google Drive. Use the application email, from the Credentials section on Google Dev Console (e.g. 749895953376-d8muikbmv6okhaaa4cthg68g3pamimd1@developer.gserviceaccount.com)
2. The spreadsheet must contain data on the first sheet. The data on other sheets are ignored.
3. The spreadsheet name must follow this format: Java Start, 09.09.15 (ИмяПрепода, Локация). Missing comas or specifying date in other formats will fail.
4. The course price must be specified in the E1 cell.
5. Data should start from A2 cell and down, 4 columns. The first row is reserved for title and ignored by the application.

Caching

When you share new spreadsheets to the app, they become available in an hour. This is done to save time on spreadsheets loading (takes up to 15 seconds).
